ACM-18022: Doc the `cluster_policy_governance_info` metric (GRC) (#7526)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_ctrl_adv_config.adoc

*Note:* If you do not need the metrics, and you have any concerns about performance or security, you can disable the metric collection. Set the `DISABLE_REPORT_METRICS` environment variable to `true` in the propagator deployment. You can also add `policy_governance_info` metric to the observability allowlist as a custom metric. See link:../observability/customize_observability.adoc#adding-custom-metrics[Adding custom metrics] for more details.

[#metric-cluster-policy-governance-info]
=== Metric: cluster_policy_governance_info

> The {ocp-short} monitoring component collects the `cluster_policy_governance_info` metric. If you enable observability, the component collects some total data.

Reviewer: The use of "some total" here sounds a bit weird but maybe I'm lacking context. What's total data? Could you drop the "some"? 
> the component collects some total data.

*Note:* If you enable observability, enter a query for the metric from the Grafana _Explore_ page.

For managed cluster policies, a metric of `0` is recorded if the policy is compliant, `1` if it is not compliant, and `-1` if it is in an unknown or pending state.

The `cluster_policy_governance_info` metric uses the following labels:

- `kind`: The kind of the policy.
- `policy`: The name of the policy.
- `policy_namespace`: The namespace on the managed cluster where the policy is defined.
- `severity`: The severity specified on the policy.

> Use these labels and values to enable detailed queries on many things happening in the cluster that might be difficult to track.

Reviewer: Could you use something more specific than "things"? Could "events" or "changes" fit here?

> 
```suggestion
Use these labels and values to enable detailed queries on events/changes in the cluster that might be difficult to track.
```

- `policy_namespace`: The namespace on the managed cluster where the policy is defined.
- `severity`: The severity specified on the policy.

> Use these labels and values to enable queries details many things happening in the cluster that might be difficult to track.

Author: This sentence didn't flow quite right to me. Would this be better?
```suggestion
Use these labels and values to enable detailed queries on many things happening in the cluster that might be difficult to track.
```
